Here are some excerpts from the following document for your consideration:
<LINK Mobility IPO Prospectus Dec 10 2020>
<excerpt_0>
Link Mobility Group Holding ASA - Prospectus          
                                                                                  
        revenue growth from such customers, demonstrated by a 111% Revenue Net Retention Rate in the six months ended
        30 June 2020 and 106% in the year ended 31 December 2019.                 
                                                                                  
        11.3.6 Direct relationships with mobile network operators, OTT-providers and financial services providers
        The Group’s direct relationships with mobile network operators, OTT-providers and financial services providers have a
        significant impact on the Group’s results of operations. The Group’s ability to source certain CPaaS and payments services
        can drive demand for The Group’s services, reduce the cost of services and provide a competitive advantage in certain
        markets. The Group has generally experienced a positive correlation between the number of its direct relationships and
        growth in revenue and gross margin.                                       
        In addition, certain CPaaS services provided by the Group require direct relationships with OTT providers. The contracts
        with the OTT providers enable the Group to supplement its traditional CPaaS messaging and voice services with OTT
        communication services and offer its customers omni-channel communication capabilities, thereby providing the Group
        with a competitive advantage vis-à-vis traditional CPaaS providers. In addition, the Group’s omni-channel
        communication capabilities also allow the Group to mitigate its communication services supplier risk and manage its
        communication-related cost of services as it can shift its messaging and voice services to different communication
        channels.                                                                 
        11.3.7 Platform costs and operating expenses                              
        The Group believes that to expand its business, it needs to continue to invest in development of its products and services.
        As its products and services have been primarily built in-house, it expects to continue to make significant investments
        in research and development activities that will enable the Group not to rely significantly on any third-party systems or
        service providers to provide its products and services and, consequently, to not make significant investments in
        integrating and maintaining third-party systems or resolving legacy system issues. The Group expects to realise cost
        savings through economies of scale, but may incur costs during phases of expansion and optimisation. For information
        relating to the Group's investments reference is made to Section 11.14 "Investments".
        11.3.8 Exchange rates                                                     
        The Group undertakes business in foreign currencies and is consequently exposed to fluctuations in exchange rates.
        Foreign exchange risk arises from transactions related to operations conducted, and assets and liabilities arising in
        foreign currencies. The Group undertakes transactions denominated in NOK, SEK, DKK, EUR, GBP, BGN, CHF, RON, MKD
        and PLN. Revenue and cost transactions within foreign subsidiaries are normally carried out in the same currency, which
        mitigates the currency risk. The Group has no hedging arrangements. See Section 2.3.2 "Currency fluctuations could
        affect the Group’s cash flow and financial condition".                    
        However, as the Group's overall financial reporting is presented in NOK, changes in the value of SEK, DKK, EUR, GBP,
        BGN, CHF, RON, MKD or PLN in relation to NOK affect the Group’s overall revenue, profit or loss and financial position.
        Based on exposure throughout the year and balances at the period-end, the Group assesses that fluctuations in
        NOK/EUR, NOK/DKK and NOK/SEK have the most significant impact on the financial reporting of financial assets and
        liabilities.                                                              
        For the year ended 31 December 2019, 80% of the Group’s revenue were generated in a currency other than the NOK.
        Based on exposure throughout the year and balances at the period-end, the Group assesses that fluctuations in
        NOK/EUR, NOK/DKK and NOK/SEK have the most significant impact on the financial reporting of financial assets and
        liabilities.                                                              
        The table below summarises the impact a change in these currencies will have on the consolidated income statement
        and on retained earnings/accumulated losses as of 30 June 2020. The analysis is based on the assumption that the
        foreign exchange rates increase or decrease by 10%, all other variables held constant.
                                            Six months ended 30 June 2020         
         (In NOK 1,000)                                                           
                                   NOK/EUR impact NOK/DKK impact NOK/SEK impact   
         Trade receivables ................................. 521 7       -        
         Trade payables ..................................... 436 44   250        
         Borrowings .......................................... 58,066 -  -        
                                            Year ended 31 December 2019           
         (In NOK 1,000)                                                           
                                   NOK/EUR impact NOK/DKK impact NOK/SEK impact   
         Trade receivables ................................. 32,662 1,506 6,192   
         Trade payables ..................................... 18,157 904 7,230    
         Borrowings .......................................... 167,684 - -        
                                            Year ended 31 December 2018           
         (In NOK 1,000)                                                           
                                   NOK/EUR impact NOK/DKK impact NOK/SEK impact   
         Trade receivables ................................. 521 7       -        
         Trade payables ..................................... 436 44   250        
         Borrowings .......................................... 58,066 -  -        
                                        63
</excerpt_0>

<excerpt_1>
Link Mobility Group Holding ASA - Prospectus          
                                                                                  
        comparable in the second half of 2019 for Denmark, while Finland had a soft start to 2020 and management has assumed
        a pick-up in growth rates late in 2020.                                   
                                                                                  
        Gross Margin assumptions: Management assumes fairly stable margins overall for the full year in the region with normal
        seasonality with lower margins in the fourth quarter of 2020, as a higher portion of the volume derives from high volume
        but lower margin customers due to campaigns in connection with the Christmas season. Management assumes Gross
        Margin to be slightly reduced for the year ending 31 December 2020 as a result of customer mix as high volume but
        lower margin customers constituting a larger portion of the growth in volumes and thereby diluting margins slightly. The
        negative effect on gross margin from customer mix outweighs the increased margins from positive product mix.
        Central region                                                            
        Revenue assumptions: Overall growth rates for the region are assumed to decrease in the second half compared to first
        half of 2020 as the acquisition of the TeraComm Group in August 2019 becomes part of the organic footprint while
        underlying business excluding acquisitions is expected to maintain a stable growth rate in line with the year ended
        31 December 2019. The revenue momentum in Germany is strongly linked to industries like logistics and e-commerce
        which experience a volume increase from COVID-19. Management also expects a rebound in messaging volumes and
        activity in markets like Bulgaria, Romania and Poland although recovery has been slower than for the Western Europe
        region. Management has forecasted lower mobile payments revenue in Bulgaria and Romania for the remaining months
        in 2020 due to COVID-19. Due to the revenue streams in Bulgaria and Romania, lower gross margin will have limited
        impact on Group’s profitability.                                          
        Gross Margin assumptions: Management assumes gross margin will remain stable compared to the financial year ended
        31 December 2019 based on current trends. Stabilisation of Germany’s gross margin through the second quarter 2020
        has been key to set an assumption of stable margin development.           
        Western region                                                            
        Revenues assumptions: Overall growth rate for the region is assumed to decline from the 21% level in the first half of
        2020 as Spot-Hit becomes part of the organic footprint. The outlook assumes continued fairly open societies in countries
        which were mostly impacted by severe lockdown measures during the first half of 2020 (Italy, France and Spain). The
        assumed growth rates for second half of 2020 are in line with reported growth rates before COVID-19 negatively
        impacted growth rates from April.                                         
        Gross Margin assumptions: Overall management assumes stable margin development in the region with a margin decline
        in entities like Netmessage and Spot Hit from customer mix and quality measures. In entities like Spain and Netsize
        management has assumed expanded margins from healthier customer and country mix and new products.
        Global messaging                                                          
        Revenue assumptions: Growth rates on global messaging are assumed to decline in the second half of 2020 primarily
        due to lower aggregator revenue. The Group observes that volume thresholds that enable discounts from the mobile
        operators on certain destinations will be met to a larger extent compared to the financial year ended 31 December 2019
        by enterprise traffic, thus resulting in reduced aggregator volumes. The reduction on aggregator volumes will have close
        to zero impact on gross margin, as the profitability is very low for the relevant destinations. The Group expects to
        continue to experience healthy growth in their Global Enterprises business through expansion of their business to new
        destinations for P2A messaging volumes. Growth rates can be volatile in global messaging while gross margin sensitivity
        is limited due to the lower margin level, especially for aggregator customers.
        Gross Margin assumptions: Gross margin is assumed to slightly decline for the year ending 31 December 2020 compared
        to the financial year ended 31 December 2019. The decline is mainly driven by the highly competitive aggregator
        landscape with competition pushing traffic at a loss margin, especially during the second quarter of 2020. As the Group
        moves away from the most competitive routes, management expects Gross Margins to improve during the second half
        of 2020.                                                                  
        11.4.8 The Group's 2020 outlook                                           
        Revenue                                                                   
        The Group’s total revenue for the year ending 31 December 2020 is forecasted to be in the range of NOK 3,500 – 3,600
        million.                                                                  
        Gross Margin                                                              
        The Group’s total Gross Margin for the year ending 31 December 2020 is forecasted in the range 24.2% – 24.7% of total
        revenues.                                                                 
        Adjusted EBITDA6                                                          
        For the year ending 31 December 2020, the Group forecasts the Adjusted EBITDA to be in the range of NOK 360 million
        – NOK 370 million.                                                        
        6 For the purpose of this Section 11.4.8, Adjusted EBITDA is derived from operating profit (loss) and defined as operating profit (loss)
        added back depreciation and amortization and adjusted for M&A activities costs and restructuring costs and other. M&A activities costs
        are mainly related to consultant and legal advisors expenses incurred in connection with acquisition of subsidiaries. Restructuring costs
        and other are mainly related to (i) efficiency projects, start-up costs for new businesses and branding/rebranding costs in connection with
        the acquisition of subsidiaries and (ii) severance paid to certain employees as a result of acquisition of subsidiaries and changes in the
        Group’s strategic focus also including certain replacement/rehiring cost. See also Section 4.2.3 "Non-IFRS financial measures".
                                        65
</excerpt_1>

<excerpt_2>
Link Mobility Group Holding ASA - Prospectus          
                                                                                  
        11.4.9 Capital expenditures                                               
        For the year ending 31 December 2020, the Group forecasts capital expenditure levels at NOK 95 million – NOK 105
        million as the Group continues to invest in CPaaS innovation and LINK Suite capabilities which will differentiate the
        business in the long-term.                                                
        11.4.10 Medium-to-long term outlook                                       
        From 2017 to 2019, the Company recorded a 51% CAGR in revenue driven by both organic growth and M&A activity.
        The Company is targeting continued strong revenue growth in the medium-to-long term, fuelled by increased customer
        and market penetration, investments in go-to market initialise, continued expansion of the CPaaS platform and M&A
        strategy. If such sustained growth is achieved, the Company will realize its medium-to-long term revenue target of
        NOK 10 billion. In addition, the Company intends to achieve incremental growth in Gross Margins due to increased
        revenue mix of higher value-add solutions and software, partially offset by growing mix of Western and Central European
        revenues.                                                                 
        From 2017 to 2019, the Company recorded a 55% CAGR in EBITDA. The Company is targeting continued strong EBITDA
        growth in the medium-to-long term, with growth investments in the CPaaS platform and GTM initiatives expected to
        drive a slight decline in EBITDA Margin. In the longer term, the Company is targeting net debt to Adjusted EBITDA below
        3.0x. Capital expenditure levels are targeted to stay between NOK 100 million and NOK 125 million, as the Company
        continues to invest in CPaaS innovation and LINK Suite capabilities which will differentiate the business in the long-term.
        No other initiatives currently planned suggest that capital expenditure will exceed the projected amounts upon
        completion of LINK Suite investments.                                     
        11.5  Recent development                                                  
        During 2020, the Company has seen a growth in services rendered to existing customers as well as adding new customers
        to its portfolio as further described in Section 8.8 "Customers". In addition, the Group has fully integrated companies
        acquired in 2019, which have further expanded the Group's presence in the market. Please refer to Section 11.14.3
        "Acquisitions". For a further description of the recent trends reference is made to note 9 in the Condensed Interim
        Financial Statements.                                                     
        On 15 September 2020, the Company adopted 1:20 share split that reduces the nominal value per share from NOK 0.10
        to NOK 0.005 with the Company's shareholders being allocated 19 new shares for each share they own as of the
        resolution. Following such resolution, the share capital of the Company was NOK 1,082,289.50 divided on 216,457,900
        shares, each with a nominal value of NOK 0.005 and of which 213,874,740 are ordinary shares, and 2,583,160 are
        preference shares, see Section 13.3 "Share capital and share capital history". For adjustments for significant transactions
        between 30 June 2020 to the date of the Prospectus, not subject to the Offering and Listing, see Section 11.5 "Recent
        development".                                                             
        On 15 September 2020, the Company's general meeting resolved a share capital increase of 324,000 new shares directed
        towards LINK ESOT. For more information about LINK ESOT and the share capital increase, see Section 12.6.4
        "Participation of the employees in the Company’s share capital" and Section 13.3 "Share capital and share capital
        history".                                                                 
        Further, on 24 September 2020, the Company’s general meeting resolved to redeem the Company’s class of preference
        shares, resulting in a share capital decrease of NOK 12,915.80 and the Company having a share capital of
        NOK 1,070,993.70, divided on 214.198.740 Shares and the Company only having one class of ordinary shares. The
        share capital decrease was registered with the Norwegian Register of Enterprises on 2 October 2020, see Section 13.3
        "Share capital and share capital history".                                
        Apart from the above, from 30 June 2020 up to the date of this Prospectus, there have been no significant changes in
        the Group's financial and trading position. To the best of the Company's knowledge, there are no trends, uncertainties,
        demands, commitments or events that will have a material effect on the Group’s business during the current financial
        period.                                                                   
        11.6  Comparison of results for the Group for the three months ended 30 June 2020 compared to the
              three months ended 30 June 2019                                     
        The following table presents selected comparative results of operations from the Condensed Interim Financial Statements
        for the three months periods ended 30 June 2020 and 2019:                 
                                                           Three months ended     
        (In NOK 1,000)                                         30 June            
                                                           20201    20191         
        Revenue ........................................................................................................ 854,457 683,749
        Total operating revenue ............................................................................... 854,457 683,749
        Cost of services rendered ................................................................................. -634,059 -501,618
        Payroll and related expenses ............................................................................ -91,990 -86,509
        Other operating expenses ................................................................................ -41,364 -52,915
        Depreciation and amortisation .......................................................................... -55,721 -51,794
        Total operating expenses ............................................................................. -823,134 -692,835
        Operating profit (loss) ................................................................................. 31,323 -9,086
                                        66
</excerpt_2>

<excerpt_3>
(Unofficial translation. The official language of
                                          these minutes is English. In the event of any
                                          discrepancies between the English and   
                                          Norwegian text, the English text shall precede.)
                    VEDTEKTER FOR             ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION OF          
            LINK MOBILITY GROUP HOLDING ASA LINK MOBILITY GROUPHOLDING ASA        
                                                Adopted on 2 October 2020         
                  Vedtatt 2. oktober 2020                                         
                                                                                  
           1.   SELSKAPSNAVN OG           1.    COMPANY NAME AND BUSINESS         
                FORRETNINGSKOMMUNE              OFFICE                            
           Navnet på selskapet er LINK Mobility Group The name of the company is LINK Mobility
           Holding ASA.  Selskapet er  et Group Holding ASA. The company is a public
           allmennaksjeselskap.           limited liability company.              
                                          The company's registered business office is in
           Selskapets forretningskontor er i Oslo Oslo municipality.              
           kommune.                                                               
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
           2.   AKSJEKAPITAL              2.    SHARE CAPITAL                     
           Aksjekapitalen er NOK 1.070.993,70, The share capital is NOK 1,070,993.70,
           bestående av 214.198.740 aksjer pålydende consisting of 214,198,740 shares with a
           NOK 0,005 hver. Selskapets aksjer skal være nominal value of NOK 0.005 each. The shares of
           registrert i Verdipapirsentralen (VPS). the Company shall be registered in the
                                          Norwegian Central Securities Depository.
                                                                                  
           3.   OVERDRAGELSE AV AKSJER    3.    TRANSFER OF SHARES                
           Erverv av aksjer er ikke betinget av samtykke Acquisition of shares is not subject to approval
           fra Selskapet. Aksjeeierne har ikke forkjøpsrett. by the Company. Shareholders do not have
                                          rights of first refusal in connection with transfer
                                          of shares.                              
                                                                                  
           4.   SELSKAPETS VIRKSOMHET     4.    OPERATIONS OF THE COMPANY         
           Selskapets virksomhet er å eie aksjer i andre The Company's operations are to own shares in
           selskaper og enten selv eller gjennom andre other companies, and either itself or through
           selskaper å utvikle og drifte programvare for other companies, develop and operate software
           mobil telefontjenester til private og offentlige for mobile telephone services to private and
           virksomheter.                  public businesses.                      
                                                                                  
           5.   STYRE                     5.    BOARD OF DIRECTORS                
           Selskapet skal ha et styre bestående av mellom The board of directors shall consist of between
           5 og 9 aksjonærvalgte styremedlemmer. 5 and 9 shareholder elected board members.
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
           6.   GENERALFORSAMLINGEN       6.    THE GENERAL MEETING               
           Den ordinære generalforsamling skal behandle: The annual general meeting shall resolve:
                                                                                  
             - Godkjennelse av årsregnskap og - The approval of the annual accounts
               årsberetning, herunder utdeling av and annual report, as well as   
               utbytte.                        distribution of dividends.         
             - Andre saker som i henhold til lov hører - Other matters that the general meeting
               under generalforsamlingens myndighet. is required by law to resolve.
           Retten til å delta og stemme på The right to participate and vote at general
           generalforsamlinger kan bare utøves for aksjer meetings of the company can only be exercised
                                          for shares which have been acquired and 
                                                                                  
                                       Side 1/2
</excerpt_3>

<excerpt_4>
Risks                                                                   
          The Group has identified three types of risks that can prevent successful implementation of its
          business strategy or manage its growth effectively: market risk, financial risk, and acquisition risk.
                                                                                  
          The below section describes how the Group evaluates and mitigates these risks and includes a
          brief comment to the risk related to the Covid-19 virus.                
                                                                                  
          Market risk                                                             
          LINK’s market share for A2P mobile services have grown rapidly over time through both organic
          growth and through acquisitions and benefits from a unique competitive position. LINK is by far
          the largest player in Europe within its industry resulting in economies of scale relating to capacity
          and competences for developing and launching new products, broad existing product offerings
          and solid expertise in operations and system integrations towards customers.
                                                                                  
          Based on market and competitive advantages, LINK builds long-term customer relationships
                                                                                  
          through high quality of services, system integration and development of new products and
          solutions. LINK has very low customer churn in all markets as customers who have first started
          using mobile communications in one area, tend to move more and more business activities to
          mobile platforms increasing integration and reliability on LINK.        
                                                                                  
          LINK’s revenue, costs and profits are subjected to the risk of changes in customer prices. As the
          market is expanding, margin pressure is observed and anticipated in some parts of the market.
          The price pressure is likely to be focused on low-value wholesale/bulk SMS and basic mobile
          payment services. LINK will therefore continue its strategy of delivering value added services to
          its customers through new innovative solutions such as conversational messaging and channel
          agnostic solutions improving the mobile messaging use case. LINK’s broad specter of mobile
          services enables a customer offering that is complete and covering multiple needs. This creates
          high customer satisfaction and creates close relationships between LINK and its customers. As
          the use case expands, LINK address smaller and medium sized customers which typically have a
          higher price point per message. These factors reduce the overall price risk. Expanding towards a
                                                                                  
          channel-agnostic messaging solution will contribute to reducing message delivery cost by utilizing
          more IP based protocols and hence improving and protecting gross margin.
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
          Financial risk                                                          
          The Group’s activities expose it to financial risks, such as price, currency, liquidity, interest rate
          and credit. Overall, these risks are regarded as low and manageable.    
                                                                                  
          By being the leading provider and thus the largest buyers of SMS in its markets, LINK can
          purchase SMS from the telecom operators at favorable prices. Additionally, LINK’s position
          ensures priority from the operators securing high quality in terms of delivery reliability.
                                                                                  
          LINK’s subsidiaries operate using their local currencies (NOK, SEK, DKK, PLN, BGN, HUF, GBP,
          MKD, RON, and EUR). Revenue and cost transactions are usually carried out in the same
                                                                                  
          currency, which reduces the currency risk, however Victory and LINK present annual reports in
          NOK and changes in the underlying currencies in relation to NOK impact the overall revenue and
          financial position in the presentation currency.                        
                                                                                  
          LINK is also exposed to exchange risk regarding the EUR share of its Senior Facility Agreement
          (loan), Capex Facility and Revolving Facility in EUR.                   
                                                                                  
                                                                  Side 4 av 7
</excerpt_4>


</LINK Mobility IPO Prospectus Dec 10 2020>
