Here are some excerpts from the following document for your consideration:
<LINK Mobility IPO Prospectus Dec 10 2020>
<excerpt_0>
Link Mobility Group Holding ASA - Prospectus          
                                                                                  
        4.2.3 Non-IFRS financial measures                                         
        In this Prospectus, the Group presents certain alternative performance measures ("APMs"), including Churn Rate, Gross
        Profit, Gross Margin, EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA Margin, LTM Adjusted EBITDA, Gross Profit Conversion,
        Revenue Net Retention Rate and Like-for-Like Revenue. The APMs presented herein are not measurements of financial
        performance or liquidity under IFRS or other generally accepted accounting principles, are not audited and investors
        should not consider any such measures to be an alternative to (a) operating revenues or operating profit (as determined
        in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles), (b) as a measure of the Group's operating performance;
        or (c) any other measures of performance under generally accepted accounting principles. The APMs presented herein
        may not be indicative of the Group's historical operating results, nor are such measures meant to be predictive of the
        Group's future results.                                                   
        The Group believes that APMs are commonly reported by companies in the markets in which it competes and are widely
        used by investors in comparing performance on a consistent basis without regard to factors such as depreciation and
        amortisation, which can vary significantly, depending upon accounting methods (particularly when acquisitions have
        occurred) or based on non-operating factors. Accordingly, the Group discloses Churn Rate, Gross Profit, Gross Margin,
        EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA Margin, LTM Adjusted EBITDA, Gross Profit Conversion, Revenue Net
        Retention Rate and Like-for-Like Revenue herein to permit a more complete and comprehensive analysis of its underlying
        operating performance relative to other companies and across periods, and of the Group's ability to service its debt.
        Because companies may calculate Churn Rate, Gross Profit, Gross Margin, EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA
        Margin, LTM Adjusted EBITDA, Gross Profit Conversion, Revenue Net Retention Rate and Like-for-Like Revenue
        differently, the Group's presentation of these APMs may not be comparable to similar titled measures used by other
        companies.                                                                
        The Group defines "Churn Rate" as revenue of customers that were a customer in the prior period but were not a
        customer at the beginning of the current period divided by the total revenue of the prior period.
        The group defines "Gross Profit" as revenue less direct costs of services rendered.
        The Group defines "Gross Margin" as revenue less direct costs divided by revenue.
        The Group defines "EBITDA" as operating profit (loss) adding back depreciation and amortisation.
        The Group defines "Adjusted EBITDA" as EBITDA adjusted for mergers and acquisitions costs, restructuring costs and
        costs related to share option program.                                    
        The Group defines "Adjusted EBITDA Margin" as Adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of operating revenues in the
        respective periods.                                                       
        The Group defines "Like-for-Like Revenue" as revenue recorded in an audited or reviewed period excluding the
        revenue from acquired entities in such period.                            
        The Group defined "LTM Adjusted EBITDA" as Adjusted EBITDA for the last twelve months from the end of the period
        The Group defines "Gross Profit Conversion" as Adjusted EBITDA divided by Gross Profit.
        The Group defines "Net Customer Expansion Rate" as the revenue generated from customers at the end of the period
        with their corresponding revenue from the same period in the previous year.
        The Group defines "Revenue Net Retention Rate" as revenue from the net of upsale, downsale and churn for
        customers throughout the period, not taking into account new customers during the period. Revenue Net Retention Rate
        excludes the acquisitions of TeraComm Group and Spothit.                  
        For an overview of reconciliation and calculation of the relevant APMs, please see Section 10.7 "Non-IFRS financial
        measures".                                                                
        4.2.4 Industry and market data                                            
        This Prospectus contains statistics, data, statements and other information relating to markets, market sizes, market
        shares, market positions and other industry data pertaining to the Group’s business and the industries and markets in
        which it operates. Unless otherwise indicated, such information reflects the Group’s estimates based on analysis of
        multiple sources, including data compiled by professional organisations, consultants and analysts and information
        otherwise obtained from other third party sources, such as annual and interim financial statements and other
        presentations published by listed companies operating within the same industry as the Group, as well as the Group’s
        internal data and its own experience, or on a combination of the foregoing. Unless otherwise indicated in the Prospectus,
        the basis for any statements regarding the Group’s competitive position is based on the Company’s own assessment and
        knowledge of the market in which it operates.                             
        The Company confirms that where information has been sourced from a third party, such information has been accurately
        reproduced and that as far as the Company is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by that third
        party, no facts have been omitted that would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. Where
        information sourced from third parties has been presented, the source of such information has been identified. The
        Company does not intend, and does not assume any obligations to update industry or market data set forth in this
        Prospectus.                                                               
        Industry publications or reports generally state that the information they contain has been obtained from sources
        believed to be reliable, but the accuracy and completeness of such information is not guaranteed. The Company has not
                                        18
</excerpt_0>

<excerpt_1>
Link Mobility Group Holding ASA - Prospectus          
                                                                                  
                    (b)    The adjustment restructuring cost and other represents costs which are mainly related to efficiency projects,
                           start-up costs for new businesses and branding/re-branding costs in connection with the acquisitions of
                           subsidiaries presented in the financial line item total other operating expenses with NOK 10,561 thousand,
                           NOK 20,892 thousand and NOK 48,425 thousand for the six months ended 30 June 2020, 2019 and full year
                           2019, whereof NOK 3,245 thousand NOK 14,783 thousand and NOK 39,796 thousand, respectively relates to
                           the financial line item Restructuring costs, presented within Total other operating expenses.
                           In addition, in the six months ended 30 June 2020, 2019 and full year 2019 an adjustment has been performed
                           of NOK 8,689 thousand, NOK 14,272 thousand and NOK 21,542 thousand, respectively extracted from the
                           financial line item total payroll and related expenses and relating to severance paid to certain employees as a
                           result of the acquisition of subsidiaries and changes in the Group’s strategic focus as well as certain
                           replacement/rehiring costs                             
           3   Adjusted EBITDA Margin is defined as Adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of operating revenues in the respective periods.
           4   The following table shows the reconciliation between operating profit and LTM Adjusted EBITDA for the relevant periods:
                                             LTM ended                            
               (In NOK million)               30 June                             
                                               2020                               
               Operating profit .................................................................... 35.2
               Depreciation and amortisation ................................................... 251.9
               EBITDA ................................................................................. 287.1
               Share option program cost ........................................................ -
               M&A activities costs .................................................................. 14.9
               Restructuring cost and other(a) .................................................. 54.1
               LTM Adjusted EBITDA ........................................................... 356.1
           5   The following table reconciles Like-for-Like Revenue to revenue for the relevant periods:
                                             Six months ended Year ended          
                                                30 June       31 December         
               (In NOK million)                                                   
                                             2020   2019  2019  2018  2017        
               Revenue ................................................................................ 1,717.6 1,336.1 2,932.7 1,972.0 1,294.0
               Acquisition Revenue(a) ............................................................. -104.0 -370.8 -803.9 -584.1 -38.6
               Like-for-Like Revenue(b) ........................................................... 1,613.6 965.3 2,128.7 1,387.9 1,255.4
                   (a)   Acquisition Revenue is defined as revenue generated by the acquired entities for the periods indicated. The Company
                         considers Acquisition Revenue any revenue generated by acquired entities for four full consecutive quarters after
                         complete ownership by the Company of such entity. From 1 January 2018 an acquired Spanish entity was merged
                         with an existing entity, hence the allocation of revenues between organic and acquired revenue is based on a
                         management estimate. In 2017 an acquired Danish entity was merged with an existing Danish entity, hence the
                         allocation between organic and acquired revenue is estimated. See Section 11.3.2 "Acquisitions".
                   (b)   When comparing the Like-for-Like Revenue for a relevant period, the entities used for such calculation differ from
                         period to period, as the Company excludes revenues from companies acquired during the relevant periods in
                         calculating Like-for-Like Revenue. This methodology allows the Company to isolate and compare the revenue
                         generated by the companies that were operating for the full relevant period compared. See Section 11.3.2
                         "Acquisitions".                                          
                         When comparing the years ended 31 December 2018 to 31 December 2019, the Company excludes revenues from
                         companies acquired in 2019 and 2018, but includes the revenue from companies acquired in 2017, as the Company
                         no longer considers such revenue as Acquisition Revenue. The growth rate of Like-for-Like Revenue for the years
                         ended 31 December 2018 to 31 December 2019 increased from 1,956.9 to 2,128.7, an increase of 9%.
                         When comparing the years ended 31 December 2017 to 31 December 2018, the Company excludes revenues from
                         companies acquired in 2017 and 2018. The growth rate of Like-for-Like Revenue for the years ended 31 December
                         2017 to 31 December 2018 increased from 1,255.4 to 1,387.9, an increase of 11%.
           6   Gross Profit Conversion is defined as Adjusted EBITDA divided by Gross Profit.
           7   Revenue Net Retention Rate is defined as revenue from the net of upsale, downsale and churn for customers throughout the period, not
               taking into account new customers during the year. Revenue Net Retention Rate excludes the acquisitions of TeraComm Group and Spothit.
               Excluding Spain, these figures are 116% and 111% for the six months ended 30 June 2020 and as of 31 December 2020, respectively. The
               data required to calculate these measures was not yet monitored in the years ended 31 December 2017 and 2018 and as a result
               comparatives for the years ended 31 December 2017 and 2018 are not available.
           8   Churn Rate is defined as revenue of customers that were a customer in the prior period but were not a customer at the beginning of the
               current period divided by the total revenue of the prior period. The data required to calculate these measures was not yet monitored in the
               years ended 31 December 2017 and 2018 and as a result comparatives for the years ended 31 December 2017 and 2018 are not available.
           9   Net Customer Expansion Rate is defined as the revenue generated from customers at the end of the period with their corresponding revenue
               from the same period in the previous year.                         
        10.7.2 Non-IFRS financial measures by operating segments                  
                                     Six months ended      Year ended             
         (In NOK 1,000)                 30 June           31 December             
                                    2020     2019    2019    2018    2017         
         Adjusted EBITDA                                                          
         Nordics1................................................ 118,942 96,361 194,266 172,606 134,922
         Central Europe2 ..................................... 57,945 43,676 101,021 80,484 42,514
         Western Europe3 .................................... 55,118 31,204 83,834 26,866 17,626
         Global Messaging4 .................................. 12,442 14,168 26,603 32,262 -
         Group Costs .......................................... -61,802 -51,225 -98,176 -99,849 -55,074
         Total ................................................... 182,645 134,183 307,548 212,370 139,988
                                        55
</excerpt_1>

<excerpt_2>
Link Mobility Group Holding ASA - Prospectus          
                                                                                  
        revenue growth from such customers, demonstrated by a 111% Revenue Net Retention Rate in the six months ended
        30 June 2020 and 106% in the year ended 31 December 2019.                 
                                                                                  
        11.3.6 Direct relationships with mobile network operators, OTT-providers and financial services providers
        The Group’s direct relationships with mobile network operators, OTT-providers and financial services providers have a
        significant impact on the Group’s results of operations. The Group’s ability to source certain CPaaS and payments services
        can drive demand for The Group’s services, reduce the cost of services and provide a competitive advantage in certain
        markets. The Group has generally experienced a positive correlation between the number of its direct relationships and
        growth in revenue and gross margin.                                       
        In addition, certain CPaaS services provided by the Group require direct relationships with OTT providers. The contracts
        with the OTT providers enable the Group to supplement its traditional CPaaS messaging and voice services with OTT
        communication services and offer its customers omni-channel communication capabilities, thereby providing the Group
        with a competitive advantage vis-à-vis traditional CPaaS providers. In addition, the Group’s omni-channel
        communication capabilities also allow the Group to mitigate its communication services supplier risk and manage its
        communication-related cost of services as it can shift its messaging and voice services to different communication
        channels.                                                                 
        11.3.7 Platform costs and operating expenses                              
        The Group believes that to expand its business, it needs to continue to invest in development of its products and services.
        As its products and services have been primarily built in-house, it expects to continue to make significant investments
        in research and development activities that will enable the Group not to rely significantly on any third-party systems or
        service providers to provide its products and services and, consequently, to not make significant investments in
        integrating and maintaining third-party systems or resolving legacy system issues. The Group expects to realise cost
        savings through economies of scale, but may incur costs during phases of expansion and optimisation. For information
        relating to the Group's investments reference is made to Section 11.14 "Investments".
        11.3.8 Exchange rates                                                     
        The Group undertakes business in foreign currencies and is consequently exposed to fluctuations in exchange rates.
        Foreign exchange risk arises from transactions related to operations conducted, and assets and liabilities arising in
        foreign currencies. The Group undertakes transactions denominated in NOK, SEK, DKK, EUR, GBP, BGN, CHF, RON, MKD
        and PLN. Revenue and cost transactions within foreign subsidiaries are normally carried out in the same currency, which
        mitigates the currency risk. The Group has no hedging arrangements. See Section 2.3.2 "Currency fluctuations could
        affect the Group’s cash flow and financial condition".                    
        However, as the Group's overall financial reporting is presented in NOK, changes in the value of SEK, DKK, EUR, GBP,
        BGN, CHF, RON, MKD or PLN in relation to NOK affect the Group’s overall revenue, profit or loss and financial position.
        Based on exposure throughout the year and balances at the period-end, the Group assesses that fluctuations in
        NOK/EUR, NOK/DKK and NOK/SEK have the most significant impact on the financial reporting of financial assets and
        liabilities.                                                              
        For the year ended 31 December 2019, 80% of the Group’s revenue were generated in a currency other than the NOK.
        Based on exposure throughout the year and balances at the period-end, the Group assesses that fluctuations in
        NOK/EUR, NOK/DKK and NOK/SEK have the most significant impact on the financial reporting of financial assets and
        liabilities.                                                              
        The table below summarises the impact a change in these currencies will have on the consolidated income statement
        and on retained earnings/accumulated losses as of 30 June 2020. The analysis is based on the assumption that the
        foreign exchange rates increase or decrease by 10%, all other variables held constant.
                                            Six months ended 30 June 2020         
         (In NOK 1,000)                                                           
                                   NOK/EUR impact NOK/DKK impact NOK/SEK impact   
         Trade receivables ................................. 521 7       -        
         Trade payables ..................................... 436 44   250        
         Borrowings .......................................... 58,066 -  -        
                                            Year ended 31 December 2019           
         (In NOK 1,000)                                                           
                                   NOK/EUR impact NOK/DKK impact NOK/SEK impact   
         Trade receivables ................................. 32,662 1,506 6,192   
         Trade payables ..................................... 18,157 904 7,230    
         Borrowings .......................................... 167,684 - -        
                                            Year ended 31 December 2018           
         (In NOK 1,000)                                                           
                                   NOK/EUR impact NOK/DKK impact NOK/SEK impact   
         Trade receivables ................................. 521 7       -        
         Trade payables ..................................... 436 44   250        
         Borrowings .......................................... 58,066 -  -        
                                        63
</excerpt_2>

<excerpt_3>
Link Mobility Group Holding ASA - Prospectus          
                                                                                  
        11.4  The Group's 2020 outlook                                            
        11.4.1 Introduction                                                       
        The Group’s future growth will depend on the successful implementation of the Group’s business strategy. The Group’s
        ability to achieve its business and financial objectives is subject to a variety of factors, many of which are beyond the
        Group’s control. The forecasts included in this Prospectus have been prepared by the Company to give guidance into
        how management views the Group’s expected financial performance for the financial year ending 31 December 2020.
        The profit forecasts has been compiled and prepared on a basis which is both comparable with the historical financial
        information and consistent with the issuers' accounting policies. The outlook statements are forward looking statements
        and carry the risk associated therewith (see Section 4.3 "Cautionary note regarding forward-looking statements" and
        Section 2.3.4 "The Group's future results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied by the forecast of
        consolidated financial information included in this Prospectus, and investors should not place undue reliance on this
        information").                                                            
        The Group's 2020 outlook included in this Prospectus has been prepared by, and are the sole responsibility of the
        Company's management. PricewaterhouseCoopers AS has not audited, reviewed, examined, compiled nor applied
        agreed-upon procedures with respect to the Group’s 2020 outlook, and, accordingly, PricewaterhouseCoopers AS does
        not express an opinion or any other form of assurance with respect thereto. PricewaterhouseCoopers AS reports included
        in the Prospectus relate solely to the Company's previously issued consolidated financial statements. They do not extend
        to the Group’s 2020 outlook and should not be read to do so.              
        11.4.2 Methodology and assumptions                                        
        The outlook of consolidated financial information for the financial year ending 31 December 2020 has been prepared on
        the basis of the accounting policies set out in note 3 of the 2019 Consolidated Financial Statements. The outlook for
        2020 has been prepared for the purpose of this Offering in accordance with the Group's ordinary forecasting procedures
        and on a basis comparable to the historical financial information included elsewhere in this Offering. However, the
        forecast of consolidated financial information is based on a large number of estimates made by the Group based on
        assumptions about future events, which are subject to numerous and significant uncertainties, for example, caused by
        business and/or wider economic risks and uncertainties, which could cause the Company's actual results to differ
        materially from the forecast of financial targets presented herein. Certain of the assumptions, uncertainties and
        contingencies relating to the forecast of consolidated financial information and the projections of consolidated financial
        targets are wholly or partially within the Group's control, while others are outside or substantially outside of its control.
        11.4.3 Key management assumptions that can be influenced by management    
        The Group’s target for reported revenue growth measured in NOK is based on the following key assumptions that can
        be influenced by management: (i) growth from new contracts are estimated on a normalised basis meaning that the
        outlook does not assume revenue streams from single material contracts which have not been signed at the time of
        modelling; and (ii) the Group assumes no M&A transactions in the financial forecast.
        11.4.4 Key management assumptions outside of management’s influence       
        The Group’s target for reported revenue growth measured in NOK is based on the following key assumptions that are
        outside of management’s control: (i) Exchange rate assumptions are based on stable Exchange rates based on average
        rates during the first six months of 2020; (ii) stable macroeconomic situation across the Group's footprint; and (iii) the
        Group assumes low customer concentration and hence no loss of single major contracts that will impact the Group's
        financial performance.                                                    
        11.4.5 Key management assumptions that could materially change the outcome of the forecasts
        The Group’s target for reported revenue growth measured in NOK is based on the following key assumptions that could
        materially change the outcome of the forecasts: (i) growth rates from existing customers are modelled according to
        historical growth rates and amended with expected future trends based on management’s best judgment; (ii) in regards
        to COVID-19, it is assumed that societies remain fairly open and that no material lockdown measures as observed in
        March to June are implemented during second half of 2020 in the Group’s core geographies. Material lockdown measures
        will impact marketing messaging volumes directly; (iii) no material changes to legislation impacting the Group’s ability
        to deliver services efficiently across its regions; and (iv) the Group assumes mobile network operators maintains a
        predictable pricing regime and no material price increases limiting demand for the Group’s services across its customer
        base.                                                                     
        11.4.6 Other key management assumptions                                   
        The Group’s target for reported revenue growth measured in NOK is also based on the following key assumptions: (i)
        existing footprint, no M&A activities included; (ii) revenue growth rates and gross margins are modelled per country and
        summarised on a regional level; (iii) the outlook for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 is based on internal
        management figures up to June 2020 and a forecast for the period from July to December 2020; and (iv) assumptions
        are based on historical trends and run-rate per country and adapted to expected future trends. Expected future trends
        are based on management’s best judgment.                                  
        11.4.7 Key management assumptions per region for revenue and gross margin 
        Nordic region                                                             
        Revenue assumptions: Overall growth rate for the region is assumed to show a moderate decline from 16% in the first
        half of 2020 driven by the extraordinary strong first half results in Norway resulting from additional information
        messaging volumes connected to the COVID-19 pandemic. Sweden experienced a very strong development for second
        half 2019 and management has forecasted lower growth rates in second half 2020, compared to the underlying growth
        in the first half of 2020. In Denmark and Finland, management expects pick-up in growth rates driven by softer
                                        64
</excerpt_3>

<excerpt_4>
Link Mobility Group Holding ASA - Prospectus          
                                                                                  
        comparable in the second half of 2019 for Denmark, while Finland had a soft start to 2020 and management has assumed
        a pick-up in growth rates late in 2020.                                   
                                                                                  
        Gross Margin assumptions: Management assumes fairly stable margins overall for the full year in the region with normal
        seasonality with lower margins in the fourth quarter of 2020, as a higher portion of the volume derives from high volume
        but lower margin customers due to campaigns in connection with the Christmas season. Management assumes Gross
        Margin to be slightly reduced for the year ending 31 December 2020 as a result of customer mix as high volume but
        lower margin customers constituting a larger portion of the growth in volumes and thereby diluting margins slightly. The
        negative effect on gross margin from customer mix outweighs the increased margins from positive product mix.
        Central region                                                            
        Revenue assumptions: Overall growth rates for the region are assumed to decrease in the second half compared to first
        half of 2020 as the acquisition of the TeraComm Group in August 2019 becomes part of the organic footprint while
        underlying business excluding acquisitions is expected to maintain a stable growth rate in line with the year ended
        31 December 2019. The revenue momentum in Germany is strongly linked to industries like logistics and e-commerce
        which experience a volume increase from COVID-19. Management also expects a rebound in messaging volumes and
        activity in markets like Bulgaria, Romania and Poland although recovery has been slower than for the Western Europe
        region. Management has forecasted lower mobile payments revenue in Bulgaria and Romania for the remaining months
        in 2020 due to COVID-19. Due to the revenue streams in Bulgaria and Romania, lower gross margin will have limited
        impact on Group’s profitability.                                          
        Gross Margin assumptions: Management assumes gross margin will remain stable compared to the financial year ended
        31 December 2019 based on current trends. Stabilisation of Germany’s gross margin through the second quarter 2020
        has been key to set an assumption of stable margin development.           
        Western region                                                            
        Revenues assumptions: Overall growth rate for the region is assumed to decline from the 21% level in the first half of
        2020 as Spot-Hit becomes part of the organic footprint. The outlook assumes continued fairly open societies in countries
        which were mostly impacted by severe lockdown measures during the first half of 2020 (Italy, France and Spain). The
        assumed growth rates for second half of 2020 are in line with reported growth rates before COVID-19 negatively
        impacted growth rates from April.                                         
        Gross Margin assumptions: Overall management assumes stable margin development in the region with a margin decline
        in entities like Netmessage and Spot Hit from customer mix and quality measures. In entities like Spain and Netsize
        management has assumed expanded margins from healthier customer and country mix and new products.
        Global messaging                                                          
        Revenue assumptions: Growth rates on global messaging are assumed to decline in the second half of 2020 primarily
        due to lower aggregator revenue. The Group observes that volume thresholds that enable discounts from the mobile
        operators on certain destinations will be met to a larger extent compared to the financial year ended 31 December 2019
        by enterprise traffic, thus resulting in reduced aggregator volumes. The reduction on aggregator volumes will have close
        to zero impact on gross margin, as the profitability is very low for the relevant destinations. The Group expects to
        continue to experience healthy growth in their Global Enterprises business through expansion of their business to new
        destinations for P2A messaging volumes. Growth rates can be volatile in global messaging while gross margin sensitivity
        is limited due to the lower margin level, especially for aggregator customers.
        Gross Margin assumptions: Gross margin is assumed to slightly decline for the year ending 31 December 2020 compared
        to the financial year ended 31 December 2019. The decline is mainly driven by the highly competitive aggregator
        landscape with competition pushing traffic at a loss margin, especially during the second quarter of 2020. As the Group
        moves away from the most competitive routes, management expects Gross Margins to improve during the second half
        of 2020.                                                                  
        11.4.8 The Group's 2020 outlook                                           
        Revenue                                                                   
        The Group’s total revenue for the year ending 31 December 2020 is forecasted to be in the range of NOK 3,500 – 3,600
        million.                                                                  
        Gross Margin                                                              
        The Group’s total Gross Margin for the year ending 31 December 2020 is forecasted in the range 24.2% – 24.7% of total
        revenues.                                                                 
        Adjusted EBITDA6                                                          
        For the year ending 31 December 2020, the Group forecasts the Adjusted EBITDA to be in the range of NOK 360 million
        – NOK 370 million.                                                        
        6 For the purpose of this Section 11.4.8, Adjusted EBITDA is derived from operating profit (loss) and defined as operating profit (loss)
        added back depreciation and amortization and adjusted for M&A activities costs and restructuring costs and other. M&A activities costs
        are mainly related to consultant and legal advisors expenses incurred in connection with acquisition of subsidiaries. Restructuring costs
        and other are mainly related to (i) efficiency projects, start-up costs for new businesses and branding/rebranding costs in connection with
        the acquisition of subsidiaries and (ii) severance paid to certain employees as a result of acquisition of subsidiaries and changes in the
        Group’s strategic focus also including certain replacement/rehiring cost. See also Section 4.2.3 "Non-IFRS financial measures".
                                        65
</excerpt_4>

<excerpt_5>
Link Mobility Group Holding ASA - Prospectus          
                                                                                  
        11.4.9 Capital expenditures                                               
        For the year ending 31 December 2020, the Group forecasts capital expenditure levels at NOK 95 million – NOK 105
        million as the Group continues to invest in CPaaS innovation and LINK Suite capabilities which will differentiate the
        business in the long-term.                                                
        11.4.10 Medium-to-long term outlook                                       
        From 2017 to 2019, the Company recorded a 51% CAGR in revenue driven by both organic growth and M&A activity.
        The Company is targeting continued strong revenue growth in the medium-to-long term, fuelled by increased customer
        and market penetration, investments in go-to market initialise, continued expansion of the CPaaS platform and M&A
        strategy. If such sustained growth is achieved, the Company will realize its medium-to-long term revenue target of
        NOK 10 billion. In addition, the Company intends to achieve incremental growth in Gross Margins due to increased
        revenue mix of higher value-add solutions and software, partially offset by growing mix of Western and Central European
        revenues.                                                                 
        From 2017 to 2019, the Company recorded a 55% CAGR in EBITDA. The Company is targeting continued strong EBITDA
        growth in the medium-to-long term, with growth investments in the CPaaS platform and GTM initiatives expected to
        drive a slight decline in EBITDA Margin. In the longer term, the Company is targeting net debt to Adjusted EBITDA below
        3.0x. Capital expenditure levels are targeted to stay between NOK 100 million and NOK 125 million, as the Company
        continues to invest in CPaaS innovation and LINK Suite capabilities which will differentiate the business in the long-term.
        No other initiatives currently planned suggest that capital expenditure will exceed the projected amounts upon
        completion of LINK Suite investments.                                     
        11.5  Recent development                                                  
        During 2020, the Company has seen a growth in services rendered to existing customers as well as adding new customers
        to its portfolio as further described in Section 8.8 "Customers". In addition, the Group has fully integrated companies
        acquired in 2019, which have further expanded the Group's presence in the market. Please refer to Section 11.14.3
        "Acquisitions". For a further description of the recent trends reference is made to note 9 in the Condensed Interim
        Financial Statements.                                                     
        On 15 September 2020, the Company adopted 1:20 share split that reduces the nominal value per share from NOK 0.10
        to NOK 0.005 with the Company's shareholders being allocated 19 new shares for each share they own as of the
        resolution. Following such resolution, the share capital of the Company was NOK 1,082,289.50 divided on 216,457,900
        shares, each with a nominal value of NOK 0.005 and of which 213,874,740 are ordinary shares, and 2,583,160 are
        preference shares, see Section 13.3 "Share capital and share capital history". For adjustments for significant transactions
        between 30 June 2020 to the date of the Prospectus, not subject to the Offering and Listing, see Section 11.5 "Recent
        development".                                                             
        On 15 September 2020, the Company's general meeting resolved a share capital increase of 324,000 new shares directed
        towards LINK ESOT. For more information about LINK ESOT and the share capital increase, see Section 12.6.4
        "Participation of the employees in the Company’s share capital" and Section 13.3 "Share capital and share capital
        history".                                                                 
        Further, on 24 September 2020, the Company’s general meeting resolved to redeem the Company’s class of preference
        shares, resulting in a share capital decrease of NOK 12,915.80 and the Company having a share capital of
        NOK 1,070,993.70, divided on 214.198.740 Shares and the Company only having one class of ordinary shares. The
        share capital decrease was registered with the Norwegian Register of Enterprises on 2 October 2020, see Section 13.3
        "Share capital and share capital history".                                
        Apart from the above, from 30 June 2020 up to the date of this Prospectus, there have been no significant changes in
        the Group's financial and trading position. To the best of the Company's knowledge, there are no trends, uncertainties,
        demands, commitments or events that will have a material effect on the Group’s business during the current financial
        period.                                                                   
        11.6  Comparison of results for the Group for the three months ended 30 June 2020 compared to the
              three months ended 30 June 2019                                     
        The following table presents selected comparative results of operations from the Condensed Interim Financial Statements
        for the three months periods ended 30 June 2020 and 2019:                 
                                                           Three months ended     
        (In NOK 1,000)                                         30 June            
                                                           20201    20191         
        Revenue ........................................................................................................ 854,457 683,749
        Total operating revenue ............................................................................... 854,457 683,749
        Cost of services rendered ................................................................................. -634,059 -501,618
        Payroll and related expenses ............................................................................ -91,990 -86,509
        Other operating expenses ................................................................................ -41,364 -52,915
        Depreciation and amortisation .......................................................................... -55,721 -51,794
        Total operating expenses ............................................................................. -823,134 -692,835
        Operating profit (loss) ................................................................................. 31,323 -9,086
                                        66
</excerpt_5>

<excerpt_6>
Link Mobility Group Holding ASA - Prospectus          
                                                                                  
        The Company's register of shareholders with the VPS is administrated by Danske Bank Verdipapirservice Søndre Gate
        13-15, 7011 Trondheim, Norway.                                            
                                                                                  
        17.15 Conditions for completion of the Offering – Listing and trading of the Offer Shares
        The Company will on or around 13 October 2020 apply for listing of its Shares on the Oslo Stock Exchange. It is expected
        that the Oslo Stock Exchange will approve the listing application of the Company on or around 16 October 2020, and
        that such approval will be conditional upon obtaining a minimum of 500 shareholders, each holding Shares with a value
        more than NOK 10,000 and there being a minimum free float of the Shares of 25%. The Company expects that the
        conditions will be fulfilled through the Offering.                        
        Completion of the Offering on the terms set forth in this Prospectus is expressly conditional upon the Oslo Stock Exchange
        approving the application for listing of the Shares on or about 16 October 2020, on conditions acceptable to the Company
        and that any such conditions are satisfied by the Company. The Offering will be cancelled in the event that the conditions
        are not satisfied. There can be no assurance that the Oslo Stock Exchange will give such approval or that the Company
        will satisfy these conditions.                                            
        Completion of the Offering on the terms set forth in this Prospectus is otherwise only conditional upon (i) the Board of
        Directors having resolved to issue the New Shares in the Offering, (ii) the Company and the Principal Shareholder, in
        consultation with the Managers, having approved the allocation of the Offer Shares to eligible investors following the
        bookbuilding process, (iii) the Company, the Selling Shareholders and the Managers having entered into the Purchase
        Agreement (as applicable), (iv) satisfaction of the conditions precedent contained in the Purchase Agreement, and (v)
        the Purchase Agreement not having been terminated in accordance with its terms (see Section 17.1 "Overview of the
        Offering"). There can be no assurance that these conditions will be satisfied. If the conditions are not satisfied, the
        Offering may be revoked or suspended.                                     
        Assuming that the conditions are satisfied, the first day of trading on an "if issued/if sold" basis of the Shares, including
        the Offer Shares, on the Oslo Stock Exchange is expected to be on or about 21 October 2020. The Shares are expected
        to trade under the ticker code "LINK".                                    
        Applicants in the Retail Offering selling Offer Shares prior to delivery must ensure that payment for such Offer Shares is
        made on or prior to the Payment Date, by ensuring that the stated bank account is sufficiently funded on 21 October
        2020. Applicants in the Institutional Offering selling Offer Shares prior to delivery must ensure that payment for such
        Offer Shares is made on or prior to the Institutional Closing Date. Accordingly, an applicant who wishes to sell his/her
        Offer Shares, following confirmed allocation of Offer Shares, but before delivery, must ensure that payment is made in
        order for such Offer Shares to be delivered in time to the applicant.     
        Prior to the Listing and the Offering, the Shares are not listed on any stock exchange or authorized market place, and
        no application has been filed for listing on any other stock exchanges or regulated market places other than Oslo Stock
        Exchange.                                                                 
        17.16 Expenses of the Offering and the Listing                            
        Assuming that the Company raises gross proceeds of NOK 2,500 million from the issuance of the New Shares, the
        Company estimates that expenses in connection with the Offering and the Listing, which will be paid by the Company,
        will amount to approximately NOK 140 million. Accordingly, the net proceeds to the Company will be up to approximately
        NOK 2,360 million. In consideration of the Managers' commitments under the Purchase Agreement, the Company and
        the Selling Shareholders will pay the Managers a fixed base commission calculated on the basis of the gross proceeds
        from the Offering, i.e. the aggregate number of New Shares issued by the Company to be payable by the Company and
        the aggregate number of Sale Shares and, if applicable, any Additional Shares, sold by the Selling Shareholders to be
        payable by the Selling Shareholders. In addition to the above, the Managers may receive a fixed discretionary fee of
        0.5% in connection with the Offering calculated on the basis of the gross proceeds from the Offering determined at the
        Company's and the Principal Shareholder's sole discretion. The payment of the discretionary fee, if any, shall be divided
        between the Company and the Selling Shareholders based on the number of New Shares issued by the Company and
        the number of Offer Shares sold by the Selling Shareholders in the Offering. The estimated expenses above is based on
        the assumption that the variable discretionary fee becomes fully payable. 
        In addition, an IPO bonus of NOK 10 million becomes payable to certain employees and members of the management,
        only subject to successful listing, see Section 12.5 "Bonus program for Management".
        No expenses or taxes will be charged by the Company, the Selling Shareholders or the Managers to the applicants in
        the Offering.                                                             
        17.17 Dilution                                                            
        The issuance of New Shares in the Offering may result in a maximum number of Shares in the Company of 267,398,740,
        which will correspond to a dilution for the existing shareholders of approximately 20%. This is based on the assumption
        that the Company issues the maximum number of New Shares, and that none of the existing Shareholders subscribes
        for any New Shares in the Offering. The existing shareholders' pre-emption rights to subscribe for the New Shares has
        been deviated from, see Section 17.3.                                     
        The net asset value per existing Share as at 30 June 2020 was approximately NOK 11.32.
        17.18 Lock-up                                                             
        17.18.1 The Company's lock-up undertaking                                 
        Pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, the Company undertakes that it will not, without the prior written consent of
        the Managers, during the period ending 180 days after the first date of trading and listing of the Offer Shares: (i) issue,
                                        119
</excerpt_6>

<excerpt_7>
Link Mobility Group Holding ASA - Prospectus          
                                                                                  
        members, provided in each case that the transferee agrees in writing for the benefit of the Underwriters to be bound by
        the provisions of lock-up undertaking and to assume, jointly and severally, the obligations of the undersigned under the
        Underwriting Agreement or (c) the acceptance or pre-acceptance of a public tender offer pursuant to the Norwegian
        Securities Trading Act and any transfer or sale in connection therewith.  
        17.19 Interest of natural and legal persons involved in the Offering      
        The Managers or their affiliates have provided from time to time, and may provide in the future, financial advisory,
        investment and commercial banking services, as well as financing, to the Company and its affiliates in the ordinary
        course of business, for which they may have received and may continue to receive customary fees and commissions.
        The Managers will receive a management fee in connection with the Offering which will be based on the amount of gross
        proceeds received from investors, and, as such, have an interest in the Offering. In addition, the Company may, at its
        sole and absolute discretion, pay to the Managers an additional discretionary fee in connection with the Offering. See
        Section 17.16 "Expenses of the Offering and the Listing" for information on fees to the Managers in connection with the
        Offering.                                                                 
        To the extent that there are any profits earned from stabilisation transactions, any profit therefrom (after deduction of
        any dealing costs and stamp duty or transfer tax costs arising in relation to any stabilisation transactions) shall fall to
        the Company and the Selling Shareholders on a pro rata basis in accordance with their respective shares of the total
        proceeds of the Offering.                                                 
        Beyond the above-mentioned, the Company is not aware of any interest, including conflicting ones, of any natural or
        legal persons involved in the Offering.                                   
        17.20 Participation of major existing shareholders and members of the Management, supervisory and
              administrative bodies in the Offering                               
        None of the members of the Board of Directors and Management have indicated an intention to apply for Offer Shares
        and are expected to consider any possible applications during the application period.
        The Company is not aware of whether any major shareholders of the Company or members of the Management,
        supervisory or administrative bodies intend to apply for Offer Shares in the Offering, or whether any person intends to
        apply for more than 5% of the Offer Shares.                               
        17.21 Governing law and jurisdiction                                      
        This Prospectus, the Retail Application Form and the terms and conditions of the Offering shall be governed by and
        construed in accordance with Norwegian law. Any dispute arising out of, or in connection with, this Prospectus, the Retail
        Application Form or the Offering shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Norway, with Oslo City
        Court as legal venue.                                                     
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                        121
</excerpt_7>

<excerpt_8>
Link Mobility Group Holding ASA - Prospectus          
                                                                                  
        This EEA selling restriction is in addition to any other selling restrictions set out in this Prospectus.
                                                                                  
        18.2.4 Additional jurisdictions                                           
        Canada                                                                    
        The Offer Shares may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited
        investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act
        (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions
        and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Offer Shares must be made in accordance with an exemption
        from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws.
        Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for rescission
        or damages if this Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, provided that the
        remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities
        legislation of the purchaser's province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the
        securities legislation of the purchaser's province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor.
        Pursuant to Section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities issued or guaranteed by the government of a non-Canadian
        jurisdiction, Section 3A.4) of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), the Managers are not
        required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts of interest in connection
        with this offering.                                                       
        Hong Kong                                                                 
        The Offer Shares may not be offered or sold in Hong Kong by means of any document other than (i) in circumstances
        which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the Companies Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong,
        or (ii) to "professional investors" within the meaning of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong
        and any rules made thereunder, or (iii) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a "prospectus"
        within the meaning of the Companies Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong, and no advertisement, invitation or document
        relating to the Offer Shares may be issued or may be in the possession of any person for the purposes of issue (in each
        case whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere), which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or
        read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with
        respect to Offer Shares which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to
        "professional investors" within the meaning of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong and any
        rules made thereunder.                                                    
        Singapore                                                                 
        This Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, this
        Prospectus and any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or
        purchase, of the Offer Shares may not be circulated or distributed, nor may they be offered or sold, or be made the
        subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore other than
        (i) to an institutional investor under Section 274 of the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore (the "SFA"),
        (ii) to a relevant person, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A), and in accordance with the conditions, specified in
        Section 275 of the SFA or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable
        provision of the SFA.                                                     
        Switzerland                                                               
        This Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the Offer Shares. The Offer
        Shares may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial
        Services Act ("FinSA") (unless in circumstances falling within article 36 of the FinSA), and no application has been made
        or will be made to admit the Offer Shares to trading on any trading venue (i.e., exchange or multilateral trading facility)
        in Switzerland. Neither this Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Offering or the Offer
        Shares constitutes a prospectus within the meaning of the FinSA, and neither this Prospectus nor any other offering or
        marketing material relating to the Offering or the Offer Shares may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly
        available in Switzerland.                                                 
        Neither this Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Offering or the Offer Shares has
        been or will be filed with or approved by any Swiss regulatory authority. In particular, this Prospectus has not been and
        will not be reviewed or approved by a Swiss reviewing body (Prüfstelle) pursuant to article 51 of the FinSA and does not
        comply with the disclosure requirements applicable to a prospectus within the meaning of article 35 of the FinSA
        Other jurisdictions                                                       
        The Offer Shares may not be offered, sold, resold, transferred or delivered, directly or indirectly, in or into, Japan,
        Australia or any other jurisdiction in which it would not be permissible to offer the Offer Shares.
        In jurisdictions outside the United States, the United Kingdom and the EEA where the Offering would be permissible, the
        Offer Shares will only be offered pursuant to applicable exceptions from prospectus requirements in such jurisdictions.
        18.3  Transfer restrictions                                               
        18.3.1 United States                                                      
        The Offer Shares have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act or with any securities regulatory
        authority of any state or other jurisdiction in the United States, and may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, or
        otherwise transferred within the United States except: (i) within the United States only to persons reasonably believed
        to be QIBs in reliance on Rule 144A or pursuant to another exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the
        registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act; and (ii) outside the United States in compliance with Regulation S,
                                        123
</excerpt_8>

<excerpt_9>
(Unofficial translation. The official language of
                                          these minutes is English. In the event of any
                                          discrepancies between the English and   
                                          Norwegian text, the English text shall precede.)
                    VEDTEKTER FOR             ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION OF          
            LINK MOBILITY GROUP HOLDING ASA LINK MOBILITY GROUPHOLDING ASA        
                                                Adopted on 2 October 2020         
                  Vedtatt 2. oktober 2020                                         
                                                                                  
           1.   SELSKAPSNAVN OG           1.    COMPANY NAME AND BUSINESS         
                FORRETNINGSKOMMUNE              OFFICE                            
           Navnet på selskapet er LINK Mobility Group The name of the company is LINK Mobility
           Holding ASA.  Selskapet er  et Group Holding ASA. The company is a public
           allmennaksjeselskap.           limited liability company.              
                                          The company's registered business office is in
           Selskapets forretningskontor er i Oslo Oslo municipality.              
           kommune.                                                               
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
           2.   AKSJEKAPITAL              2.    SHARE CAPITAL                     
           Aksjekapitalen er NOK 1.070.993,70, The share capital is NOK 1,070,993.70,
           bestående av 214.198.740 aksjer pålydende consisting of 214,198,740 shares with a
           NOK 0,005 hver. Selskapets aksjer skal være nominal value of NOK 0.005 each. The shares of
           registrert i Verdipapirsentralen (VPS). the Company shall be registered in the
                                          Norwegian Central Securities Depository.
                                                                                  
           3.   OVERDRAGELSE AV AKSJER    3.    TRANSFER OF SHARES                
           Erverv av aksjer er ikke betinget av samtykke Acquisition of shares is not subject to approval
           fra Selskapet. Aksjeeierne har ikke forkjøpsrett. by the Company. Shareholders do not have
                                          rights of first refusal in connection with transfer
                                          of shares.                              
                                                                                  
           4.   SELSKAPETS VIRKSOMHET     4.    OPERATIONS OF THE COMPANY         
           Selskapets virksomhet er å eie aksjer i andre The Company's operations are to own shares in
           selskaper og enten selv eller gjennom andre other companies, and either itself or through
           selskaper å utvikle og drifte programvare for other companies, develop and operate software
           mobil telefontjenester til private og offentlige for mobile telephone services to private and
           virksomheter.                  public businesses.                      
                                                                                  
           5.   STYRE                     5.    BOARD OF DIRECTORS                
           Selskapet skal ha et styre bestående av mellom The board of directors shall consist of between
           5 og 9 aksjonærvalgte styremedlemmer. 5 and 9 shareholder elected board members.
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
           6.   GENERALFORSAMLINGEN       6.    THE GENERAL MEETING               
           Den ordinære generalforsamling skal behandle: The annual general meeting shall resolve:
                                                                                  
             - Godkjennelse av årsregnskap og - The approval of the annual accounts
               årsberetning, herunder utdeling av and annual report, as well as   
               utbytte.                        distribution of dividends.         
             - Andre saker som i henhold til lov hører - Other matters that the general meeting
               under generalforsamlingens myndighet. is required by law to resolve.
           Retten til å delta og stemme på The right to participate and vote at general
           generalforsamlinger kan bare utøves for aksjer meetings of the company can only be exercised
                                          for shares which have been acquired and 
                                                                                  
                                       Side 1/2
</excerpt_9>

<excerpt_10>
Covenants                                                                 
        Under the terms of the Group’s Senior Facilities Agreement borrowing facilities, the Group is
        required to comply with the financial covenants as described in note 18 to the consolidated
        annual report for 2019 at the respective quarterly test dates.            
                                                                                  
        The first test date of the maintenance covenants was 30 June 2019. The Group has complied
        with these covenants on all test dates including 31 December 2019, 31 March 2020, and 30
                                                                                  
        June 2020. For 31 December 2019 and 31 March 2020, the consolidated total net debt was
        7.03 times LTM consolidated proforma EBITDA including synergies compared to the term of
        loan agreement of 8.50:1 and 11.50:1. For 30 June 2020, the consolidated net debt was 6.84
        time LTM consolidated proforma EBIDTA including synergies compared to the term of loan
        agreement of 8.00:1 and 11.00:1.                                          
                                                                                  
        Collateral                                                                
        In connection with the SFA, Lucid Trustee Services Limited (as security agent under the SFA)
        has been granted certain guarantees and security interests for the benefits of the SFA lenders.
                                                                                  
        These securities include, with some carve-outs and exceptions due to local regulations and
        otherwise pursuant to the agreed security principles set out in the SFA: (i) security over the
        shares in any subsidiary deemed material pursuant to the SFA; (ii) non-blocking charges over
        material bank accounts held by Victory Partners VIII Norway AS (the Company) and any
        subsidiary deemed material pursuant to the SFA; and (iii) security over material intra-group
                                                                                  
        loans between the Company and LINK Mobility Group AS and between the Company and its
        parent company, Victory Partners VIII Norway Holding AS.                  
                                                                                  
        Furthermore, all direct or indirect subsidiaries of the Company which is deemed to be a
        material subsidiary (as defined in the SFA) have, or will if such material threshold is met in the
        future, accede to the SFA as guarantors. Each guarantor guarantees the performance of the
        borrowers and the other guarantors’ performance under the SFA on a joint and several basis,
        however subject to any local law restrictions. Additionally, the SFA includes an annual
        guarantor coverage test ensuring that if the guarantors’ consolidated EBITDA is less than 80%
        of the group’s consolidated pro forma EBITDA, additional subsidiaries will have to accede to
        the SFA as guarantors in order to increase the guarantors’ consolidated EBITDA to be above
        the 80% threshold. Such additional acceding subsidiaries must provide collateral as if they
        were deemed a material subsidiary pursuant to the SFA.                    
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
        Copyright 2020 LINK Mobility. All rights reserved.         16
</excerpt_10>

<excerpt_11>
Risks                                                                   
          The Group has identified three types of risks that can prevent successful implementation of its
          business strategy or manage its growth effectively: market risk, financial risk, and acquisition risk.
                                                                                  
          The below section describes how the Group evaluates and mitigates these risks and includes a
          brief comment to the risk related to the Covid-19 virus.                
                                                                                  
          Market risk                                                             
          LINK’s market share for A2P mobile services have grown rapidly over time through both organic
          growth and through acquisitions and benefits from a unique competitive position. LINK is by far
          the largest player in Europe within its industry resulting in economies of scale relating to capacity
          and competences for developing and launching new products, broad existing product offerings
          and solid expertise in operations and system integrations towards customers.
                                                                                  
          Based on market and competitive advantages, LINK builds long-term customer relationships
                                                                                  
          through high quality of services, system integration and development of new products and
          solutions. LINK has very low customer churn in all markets as customers who have first started
          using mobile communications in one area, tend to move more and more business activities to
          mobile platforms increasing integration and reliability on LINK.        
                                                                                  
          LINK’s revenue, costs and profits are subjected to the risk of changes in customer prices. As the
          market is expanding, margin pressure is observed and anticipated in some parts of the market.
          The price pressure is likely to be focused on low-value wholesale/bulk SMS and basic mobile
          payment services. LINK will therefore continue its strategy of delivering value added services to
          its customers through new innovative solutions such as conversational messaging and channel
          agnostic solutions improving the mobile messaging use case. LINK’s broad specter of mobile
          services enables a customer offering that is complete and covering multiple needs. This creates
          high customer satisfaction and creates close relationships between LINK and its customers. As
          the use case expands, LINK address smaller and medium sized customers which typically have a
          higher price point per message. These factors reduce the overall price risk. Expanding towards a
                                                                                  
          channel-agnostic messaging solution will contribute to reducing message delivery cost by utilizing
          more IP based protocols and hence improving and protecting gross margin.
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
          Financial risk                                                          
          The Group’s activities expose it to financial risks, such as price, currency, liquidity, interest rate
          and credit. Overall, these risks are regarded as low and manageable.    
                                                                                  
          By being the leading provider and thus the largest buyers of SMS in its markets, LINK can
          purchase SMS from the telecom operators at favorable prices. Additionally, LINK’s position
          ensures priority from the operators securing high quality in terms of delivery reliability.
                                                                                  
          LINK’s subsidiaries operate using their local currencies (NOK, SEK, DKK, PLN, BGN, HUF, GBP,
          MKD, RON, and EUR). Revenue and cost transactions are usually carried out in the same
                                                                                  
          currency, which reduces the currency risk, however Victory and LINK present annual reports in
          NOK and changes in the underlying currencies in relation to NOK impact the overall revenue and
          financial position in the presentation currency.                        
                                                                                  
          LINK is also exposed to exchange risk regarding the EUR share of its Senior Facility Agreement
          (loan), Capex Facility and Revolving Facility in EUR.                   
                                                                                  
                                                                  Side 4 av 7
</excerpt_11>


</LINK Mobility IPO Prospectus Dec 10 2020>
