
                                   PERFORMANCE AWARD
                                       EXHIBIT A


                             PERFORMANCE VESTING REQUIREMENTS

       The RSUs (and related Dividend Equivalent Rights) subject to the Award that will vest on the Vesting Date will be determined based on
   the Company’s relative total shareholder return (“TSR”) Percentile for the Performance Period.
       The percentage of the RSUs (and related Dividend Equivalent Rights) that vest on the Vesting Date will be determined as follows:

         • If the Company’s TSR Percentile for the Performance Period is at the [ ] ([ ]) percentile or greater, [ ] ([ ]%) of the target RSUs
           will vest on the Vesting Date.
         • If the Company’s TSR Percentile for the Performance Period is at the [ ] ([ ]) percentile, [ ] ([ ]%) of the target RSUs will vest on
           the Vesting Date.

         • If the Company’s TSR Percentile for the Performance Period is at the [ ] ([ ]) percentile, [ ] ([ ]%) of the target RSUs will vest on
           the Vesting Date.
         • If the Company’s TSR Percentile for the Performance Period is below the [ ] ([ ]) percentile, [ ] ([ ]%) of the RSUs will vest on the
           Vesting Date.

       For TSR Percentile performance for the Performance Period between the levels indicated above, the portion of the RSUs that will vest
   on the Vesting Date will be determined on a straight-line basis (i.e., linearly interpolated) between the two nearest vesting percentages indicated
   above.
       Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company’s TSR for the Performance Period is negative, in no event shall more than one hundred
   percent (100%) of the target RSUs vest.

       The number of RSUs that vest on the Vesting Date will be rounded to the nearest whole unit, and the balance of the RSUs will not vest
   and will terminate on that Vesting Date.
    For purposes of the Award, the following definitions will apply:

         • “TSR Percentile” means the percentile ranking of the Company’s TSR among the TSRs for the Comparison Group members for
           the Performance Period. In determining the Company’s TSR Percentile for the Performance Period, in the event that the
           Company’s TSR for the Performance Period is equal to the TSR(s) of one or more other Comparison Group members for that
           same period, the Company’s TSR Percentile ranking will be determined by ranking the Company’s TSR for that period as being
           greater than such other Comparison Group members.
         • “Comparison Group” means the Company and each other company included in the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index on the first
           day of the Performance Period and, except as provided below, the common stock (or similar equity security) of which continues
           to be listed or traded on a national securities exchange through the last trading day of the Performance Period. In the event a
           member of the Comparison Group files for bankruptcy or liquidates due to an insolvency, such company shall continue to be
           treated as a Comparison Group member, and such company’s Ending Price will be treated as $0 if the common stock (or similar
           equity security) of such company is no longer listed or




                                         A-1














           traded on a national securities exchange on the last trading day of the Performance Period. In the event of a formation of a new
           parent company by a Comparison Group member, substantially all of the assets and liabilities of which consist immediately after
           the transaction of the equity interests in the original Comparison Group member or the assets and liabilities of such Comparison
           Group member immediately prior to the transaction, such new parent company shall be substituted for the Comparison Group
           member to the extent (and for such period of time) as its common stock (or similar equity securities) are listed or traded on a
           national securities exchange but the common stock (or similar equity securities) of the original Comparison Group member are
           not. In the event of a merger or other business combination of two Comparison Group members (including, without limitation, the
           acquisition of one Comparison Group member, or all or substantially all of its assets, by another Comparison Group member),
           the surviving, resulting or successor entity, as the case may be, shall continue to be treated as a member of the Comparison
           Group, provided that the common stock (or similar equity security) of such entity is listed or traded on a national securities
           exchange through the last trading day of the Performance Period. With respect to the preceding two sentences, the applicable
           stock prices shall be equitably and proportionately adjusted to the extent (if any) necessary to preserve the intended incentives
           of the awards and mitigate the impact of the transaction.
         • “TSR” shall be determined with respect to the Company and any other Comparison Group member by dividing: (a) the sum of
           (i) the difference obtained by subtracting the applicable Beginning Price from the applicable Ending Price and (ii) all dividends
           and other distributions during the Performance Period by (b) the applicable Beginning Price. Any non-cash distributions shall be
           valued at fair market value. For the purpose of determining TSR, the value of dividends and other distributions shall be
           determined by treating them as reinvested in additional shares of stock at the closing market price on the date of distribution.
         • “Beginning Price” means, with respect to the Company and any other Comparison Group member, the average of the closing
           market prices of such company’s common stock on the principal exchange on which such stock is traded for the twenty (20)
           consecutive trading days beginning with the first trading day of the Performance Period. For the purpose of determining
           Beginning Price, the value of dividends and other distributions shall be determined by treating them as reinvested in additional
           shares of stock at the closing market price on the date of distribution.
         • “Ending Price” means, with respect to the Company and any other Comparison Group member, the average of the closing
           market prices of such company’s common stock on the principal exchange on which such stock is traded for the twenty (20)
           consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day of the Performance Period. For the purpose of determining Ending
           Price, the value of dividends and other distributions shall be determined by treating them as reinvested in additional shares of
           stock at the closing market price on the date of distribution.
    With respect to the computation of TSR, Beginning Price, and Ending Price, there shall also be an equitable and proportionate adjustment to
   the extent (if any) necessary to preserve the intended incentives of the awards and mitigate the impact of any stock split, stock dividend or
   reverse stock split occurring during the Performance Period (or during the applicable twenty (20)-day period in determining Beginning Price or
   Ending Price, as the case may be).
    In the event of any ambiguity or discrepancy, the determination of the Committee shall be final and binding.
                                        * * * * *


















