
        comparable in the second half of 2019 for Denmark, while Finland had a soft start to 2020 and management has assumed
        a pick-up in growth rates late in 2020.

        Gross Margin assumptions: Management assumes fairly stable margins overall for the full year in the region with normal
        seasonality with lower margins in the fourth quarter of 2020, as a higher portion of the volume derives from high volume
        but lower margin customers due to campaigns in connection with the Christmas season. Management assumes Gross
        Margin to be slightly reduced for the year ending 31 December 2020 as a result of customer mix as high volume but
        lower margin customers constituting a larger portion of the growth in volumes and thereby diluting margins slightly. The
        negative effect on gross margin from customer mix outweighs the increased margins from positive product mix.
        Central region
        Revenue assumptions: Overall growth rates for the region are assumed to decrease in the second half compared to first
        half of 2020 as the acquisition of the TeraComm Group in August 2019 becomes part of the organic footprint while
        underlying business excluding acquisitions is expected to maintain a stable growth rate in line with the year ended
        31 December 2019. The revenue momentum in Germany is strongly linked to industries like logistics and e-commerce
        which experience a volume increase from COVID-19. Management also expects a rebound in messaging volumes and
        activity in markets like Bulgaria, Romania and Poland although recovery has been slower than for the Western Europe
        region. Management has forecasted lower mobile payments revenue in Bulgaria and Romania for the remaining months
        in 2020 due to COVID-19. Due to the revenue streams in Bulgaria and Romania, lower gross margin will have limited
        impact on Group’s profitability.
        Gross Margin assumptions: Management assumes gross margin will remain stable compared to the financial year ended
        31 December 2019 based on current trends. Stabilisation of Germany’s gross margin through the second quarter 2020
        has been key to set an assumption of stable margin development.
        Western region
        Revenues assumptions: Overall growth rate for the region is assumed to decline from the 21% level in the first half of
        2020 as Spot-Hit becomes part of the organic footprint. The outlook assumes continued fairly open societies in countries
        which were mostly impacted by severe lockdown measures during the first half of 2020 (Italy, France and Spain). The
        assumed growth rates for second half of 2020 are in line with reported growth rates before COVID-19 negatively
        impacted growth rates from April.
        Gross Margin assumptions: Overall management assumes stable margin development in the region with a margin decline
        in entities like Netmessage and Spot Hit from customer mix and quality measures. In entities like Spain and Netsize
        management has assumed expanded margins from healthier customer and country mix and new products.
        Global messaging
        Revenue assumptions: Growth rates on global messaging are assumed to decline in the second half of 2020 primarily
        due to lower aggregator revenue. The Group observes that volume thresholds that enable discounts from the mobile
        operators on certain destinations will be met to a larger extent compared to the financial year ended 31 December 2019
        by enterprise traffic, thus resulting in reduced aggregator volumes. The reduction on aggregator volumes will have close
        to zero impact on gross margin, as the profitability is very low for the relevant destinations. The Group expects to
        continue to experience healthy growth in their Global Enterprises business through expansion of their business to new
        destinations for P2A messaging volumes. Growth rates can be volatile in global messaging while gross margin sensitivity
        is limited due to the lower margin level, especially for aggregator customers.
        Gross Margin assumptions: Gross margin is assumed to slightly decline for the year ending 31 December 2020 compared
        to the financial year ended 31 December 2019. The decline is mainly driven by the highly competitive aggregator
        landscape with competition pushing traffic at a loss margin, especially during the second quarter of 2020. As the Group
        moves away from the most competitive routes, management expects Gross Margins to improve during the second half
        of 2020.
        11.4.8 The Group's 2020 outlook
        Revenue
        The Group’s total revenue for the year ending 31 December 2020 is forecasted to be in the range of NOK 3,500 – 3,600
        million.
        Gross Margin
        The Group’s total Gross Margin for the year ending 31 December 2020 is forecasted in the range 24.2% – 24.7% of total
        revenues.
        Adjusted EBITDA6
        For the year ending 31 December 2020, the Group forecasts the Adjusted EBITDA to be in the range of NOK 360 million
        – NOK 370 million.
        6 For the purpose of this Section 11.4.8, Adjusted EBITDA is derived from operating profit (loss) and defined as operating profit (loss)
        added back depreciation and amortization and adjusted for M&A activities costs and restructuring costs and other. M&A activities costs
        are mainly related to consultant and legal advisors expenses incurred in connection with acquisition of subsidiaries. Restructuring costs
        and other are mainly related to (i) efficiency projects, start-up costs for new businesses and branding/rebranding costs in connection with
        the acquisition of subsidiaries and (ii) severance paid to certain employees as a result of acquisition of subsidiaries and changes in the
        Group’s strategic focus also including certain replacement/rehiring cost. See also Section 4.2.3 "Non-IFRS financial measures".
                                        65
