

  Table of Contents


     We believe that sound corporate governance is critical to helping us achieve our goals, including with respect to ESG. We continue to evolve a
  governance framework that exercises appropriate oversight of responsibilities at all levels throughout the company and manages its affairs consistent
  with high principles of business ethics. Our Sustainability and Impact team, in conjunction with leaders from across our Company, regularly presents to
  our Board of Directors, which oversees our ESG impacts, initiatives and priorities.
  Human Capital Resources

     Tesla’s ability to attract, develop and retain a talented workforce is a competitive advantage. During the past year, Tesla provided its workforce with
  opportunities to contribute to its mission and grow professionally, earning Tesla among the Top 100 Employers of Choice in the 2024 American
  Opportunity Index. As of December 31, 2024, our employee headcount worldwide was 125,665.
     Employees can participate in Tesla stock ownership programs (of which 92% have been given the opportunity to as part of their total rewards
  package), while accessing industry-leading benefits, such as free counseling, paid parental leave, paid time off, company sponsored 401(k) plans, no cost
  fertility and adoption programs and zero-premium medical plan options that are made available on the first day of employment.

     We hire, evaluate and promote employees based on their skills and performance. In 2024, over 13,000 of our employees worldwide, 80% of whom
  represent Tesla’s frontline workforce, took advantage of opportunities to advance their career within the Company. As of this report, more than two-thirds
  (68%) of our managers have been promoted from internal, non-managerial positions, and 45% of our management team has been with Tesla for over five
  years.
     Tesla cultivates an environment that recognizes employee wins and impacts. We enhance everyday recognition by spotlighting employees and
  empowering them to recognize each other’s successes. We inform and engage employees to help foster a connected Tesla experience that supports the
  business. To enable employee performance, we provide opportunities for them to learn and grow, including:
     Internships & Fellowships

    • Professional Internships – Every year, Tesla hires approximately 4,000 university and community college students globally for internships
      across all business groups. We partner with campuses and student organizations to build a high-quality pipeline of talent, particularly individuals
      passionate about sustainable energy and autonomy. From day one, our interns contribute to meaningful projects, often times leading to full-time
      positions upon completion of their internships.
    • Military Fellowship Program – Tesla's Fellowship program, in partnership with the U.S. Chamber of Commerce Foundation’s Hire Our Heroes,
      offers exiting military service members corporate industry experience during their transition in service. The program aims to convert high-
      performing individuals to full-time roles and create a veteran talent pipeline for opportunities across Tesla North America.

     Development Programs
    • Manufacturing Development Program – Tesla's global manufacturing pathway programs are designed to provide graduating high school
      seniors and early career individuals with the financial resources, coursework and experience they need to start a successful manufacturing career
      at Tesla. Through 2024, Tesla expanded the program to new campuses and hired over 800 graduates with a goal for continued growth. In 2025,
      Tesla plans to hire over 1,000 participants across our factories.
    • Supervisor Professional Program – The Supervisor program is designed for industrial foremen that provides employees the opportunity to
      develop expertise in their field. Across a 16-month period, employees take comprehensive coursework in the fields of technology, law, organization
      and personnel management. In 2024, our employees became people leaders in the fields of metal production and electrical technology.


                                          11












